[16 11 2010]

FIXED: Melee range bug (fingers crossed)
CHANGED: Decursing code
CHANGED: General tweaks and settings


[10 11 2010]

FIXED: Numerous bug fixes
CHANGED: Numerous changes
ADDED: Numerous additions. Mostly for RAF / IB 



[03 11 2010]

FIXED: Healing - You will now heal. My bad I used a capital 'R' instead of a little 'r'
FIXED: Bear Form - see above, same reason


[31 10 2010]

FIXED: Maul, now it works, oops!
FIXED: Will always face the target before trying to use Feral Charge and Pounce
FIXED: Skull Bash now works again. Oops!

CHANGED: Prioritise Mangle. Maul is only used if Mangle is known and is on cooldown. If Mangle is not known it will simply spam Maul
CHANGED: Will not use Bear form if your target is low level
CHANGED: Target is now considered low level is they are 4 levels lower than you. Previously this was 5 levels lower than you. 
CHANGED: Remove rage check when using Maul. This should use Maul more frequently if you have enough rage
CHANGED: Remove rage check when using Mangle (Bear). This should use Mangle (Bear) more frequently if you have enough rage
CHANGED: Mark of the Wild will be checked more frequently. Moved to 'heal check' logic

ADDED: Dynamic range checking on most spells.This should prevent the character from standing out or range trying to attack. Mostly present in melee
ADDED: Feral Charge (Bear) during combat 



[30 10 2010]

FIXED: Pulling with Faerie Fire (Feral) instead of just Faerie Fire when in Cat / Bear forms
FIXED: No longer trying to cast Rake at ranged distance in order to pull the mob
FIXED: Double healing behaviour. Will now loop while casting a heal and check if you still need to be healed
FIXED: Travel form spam bug. I *THINK* this might be a HB bug but the last code change resolved it, though, its not logical WHY it resolved it

CHANGED: Feral pull 'minimumDistance' always set to 1.75 if you are Cat/Bear form. Will resovle issues with non-hostile mobs walking out of melee range

ADDED: More options in the 'hidden' UI
ADDED: Additional option to Healing Touch 'hidden UI' setting; Only when no adds


KNOWN BUGS:
 * When fightning multiple mobs it is slow to swap to the next mob once your target dies
 * Sometimes it stands slightly out of range for melee. But the logic is sound it may be HB related
 * Jerky movement, HB related, nothing I can do about this!
 * Will occasionally run circles around a target. There is logic in place to prevent this, its usually when I'm lagging so its likely out of my control
 * Due to bugs in HB the following bugs are present in this CC
    - Sometimes the character will not face the target properly
    - Any spell / ability that relies on being behind the target is disabled or a quick and dirty temporary workaround has been added